[Music]
what's up guys
today we are going up in a helicopter
and the day's almost over
yeah it's 4 p.m.
[Music]
so plane ion has an official office now
usually you would just go in the hangar
hang out but look at this place guys
this place is so nice control some rooms
look there's a puppy whoa hey John
what's up Oh
[Music]
so we are back taking another helicopter
ride at fly denying look at house six or
new places tonight we are doing a night
ride I have gone up on a heli quite a
few times in New York City but never at
night so I am very excited for that and
I'm gonna get a little action with the
iPhone 10 I have the gimbal for it so
hopefully I can take that up get some
smooth shots because I didn't have time
to charge or learn how to use my fancy
big gamble I'm gonna bring this thing a
7s2 and my iPhone 10 on the Zion gimbal
go
[Music]
ready done born ready I'm just wondering
why do I wear jeans I think my kneecaps
are gonna be very cold on this adventure
[Music]
okay so I probably look insane I can't
feel my legs
cuz it was so cold we'll regroup inside
so that was probably one of the coldest
things I have ever done but it was so
epic
honestly the part that just blew my mind
was the moment that we went over the one
World Trade Center we got so close it's
like I could taste the wonderful Trade
Center I want to introduce you guys to
some friends hey guys hey this is Cody
this is Sarah how did you guys enjoy the
flight absolutely amazing yeah like
Sarah said one of the coldest things
I've ever done
yeah yeah cool but they were troopers
Cody was literally like hanging outside
of the helicopter John and me were just
like oh my god would you thank God I
loved it it was amazing I had such a
good time going to the restroom we met
at a meet-up like a few months ago it
was like any chance yeah and then you
guys are here in New York of a city
apartment yes we do that like hotdogs we
were in the middle of a street someone
stopped their car I was like yo I just
watched your New York City apartment
tour video
I don't
yeah thank you it was crazy
yeah that was the first person who's
ever like stopped me and Ike I was
walking with Sarah who has like 200,000
more followers of me and I'm like oh
they're stopping for Sarah and they
point rate at me and I'm like what yeah
yeah so this guy is pretty much broken
[Applause]
[Music]
what's up guys it is a new day I'm
reppin my teddy fresh merch h3h3
anyone watch I'm reppin ela yesterday my
Zion mobile gimbal broke let's oh we
have a special guest
I don't know how to do anything o
technology but who is special guest so
Kody's behind the camera
selfie Japan how was the helicopter ride
yesterday are you still like uhm yeah so
we have Kody and then Chris he's coming
right now we're just gonna get into some
fun stuff but the most important thing
this new massive stabilizer type thing
but this one is for my a 7s what Cody is
holding right now so forget about foam
gimbals we're going all the way we're
gonna build this thing and we're gonna
shoot some sick stuff let's do it
hello how are you this is my friend Cody
okay here we go first time whoo does it
respond well yeah whoa what's up Prince
well that's amazing
it responds intelligently to where you
point it but then if you want to have
come around it's kind of creepy so I
want to take this gimbal I want to do
some fun stuff with it but Chris is also
a youtuber behind this camera and so I
want him to use the same rig and see if
we can out art each other
[Music]
I have a question for Chris so he is a
pullin youtuber living in Japan he's
seen a lot of places he's been in New
York now for a few weeks so what is the
most like shocking thing you've
experienced or maybe a cultural
difference and also the coolest thing
the shocking thing in the you
people talk to you here you have all
these small little comments
conversations they're not entirely
pointless like you can exchange some
information if any even if it's a
30-second chat with somebody small talk
with you and I guess the other thing
would be I'm always hit hard with the
food that's how heavy it is and Japan
I'm used to ordering like two or three
things and then share
you go to a restaurant once and you
tried
everything's so small in here it's like
it's mine get away this is my one hunch
yeah yeah ringtones the same thing it's
like in the West we always order a thing
for ourselves and in Asia people order
things to share among everybody at the
table and I think the Asian approach is
so much better because you get to try
everything in the restaurant anyone
sitting maybe here maybe I can apply it
[Music]
think we all know message 5 might be a
woman's you heavy it's good just some
your parts came in little cardboard in
his camera it has a flip up screen so
when he's doing this alone
you can see what he's doing Tony alright
so it's time for me to test out the
gimble add some aesthetics we were
talking earlier how you get new toys
whether it's a drone for a gimbal you
shoot within a ton it's the only thing
you shoot with and then like a week
later you're bored and you just go back
to the classic Joby Gorillapod and
cameras so I want to get out here
practice with it to where I'm
comfortable enough where I can add it in
a lot of my videos okay it's on
[Music]
about you
have you subscribed yet smash that
subscribe button fans and super fun to
be out and about testing out some new
gear with homies Westside Highway is
always so beautiful weather in New York
is super nice right now I probably
looked like a maniac this gimbal was
given to me by someone very nice I don't
remember if it's the actual company of
this Kimble or if it was a camera store
but I remember it receiving it from
somewhere in Dallas Texas so represent
to my hometown but yeah link will be in
the description below to end the video
the Americans are gonna try the Japanese
green tea Kit Kats I've seen these on
those videos where it's like unboxing
candy from different countries I swear
that's half of YouTube here we have a
green kit pad aftertaste is weird yeah I
think it's confusing you that it's so
green tea I don't mind it but the
aftertaste was a little strange it's
good though yeah I think the weird thing
about it is it legitimately does taste
like you guys just my new iPhone 10 but
you don't seem there than that this my
[Music]
aren't you glad I'm in your vlog now
yeah is it okay crunchy green tea
although I will say that I think we're
gonna get comments because I just bit
into the cake Hut you ate at home right
there's a whole thing about how like if
you don't break apart the Kit Kats
you're like no it's like mad people by
Torres I also didn't get a good taste
because there was so much in my mouth
that I couldn't really comprehend what
was happening so I think you guys thank
you guys so much for hanging out with me
today it became a very gimbal sinnard
video which was interesting but shout
outs to Chris to whoever this dude it I
literally did nothing and flying ion and
to the homies who gave me the gimbal all
links will be in the description below
make sure to hit that subscribe button
let me know if you like this video and
remember to stay peachy I can't